feat: documentation note formating (#1364)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-terasu/cli/README.md

yarn dlx @ama-terasu/cli --help
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > For yarn, the CLI modules are currently available only with `nodeLinker: node_modules` strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For yarn, the CLI modules are only compatible with the `nodeLinker: node_modules` strategy.
```

npx @ama-terasu/cli module update <my module> --to 1.2.3
```

> [!NOTE]

> > when accessing to a module that is not installed, the CLI will automatically download the latest available version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When accessing to a module that is not installed, the CLI will automatically download the latest available version
```
